in the farm right cues
which is breeding worms
Californian shot at 12 b per
production sometimes we are interested in all
who is useful to the rabbit chir-vik
a worm like a king Dmitry I think that in
this situation, someone who is useful rather
just say so here and there
why because from the rabbit remains
this is not a mystery waste product
which can be used for
california worm which is this
the product of vital activity loves
Take a lot of this guys here there
sit this california worms this
technological worm he's fast
breeds good eats good eats and
can he currently sits on
cattle
but I 'm sure 200 percent will be with
happy to eat rabbit dung
why because twisted is considered
one of the more easily accessible to the worm
for this it is necessary that he was without a match
the most important thing and at least that
lay there not a month or two
so ammonia of your land well snow for
populated easily in principle taken by
I tell the idea how I did it
breeding stock that is a worm with
the substrate in which he was and with
one side adds your manure
your rabbits and just watched the day
if the worm immediately goes into the dung
problems you will never have again
it means he he likes you will live
if the worm your manure does not go and
called a helicopter he climbs it like that
that's spinning means still in your manure
have urine
Rabbit is a worm for the well, as it were,
Now this situation and perhaps a
that in the feed maybe antibiotics were
to sadist zhenka
This is also quite a significant fact why
because I had a horse situation
anthelmintic i travail my worm
not checked usually done in practice
let's say the test batch is taken
even one thing cervical and took
planted in manure looked day 2
if he is alive and mobility worm on
you fit there is such a situation
feeding rabbits is important for a worm
surely what are you driving at
Well, ideally, of course, good feed
good clean without chemistry is the best
option second city ​​is generally perfect it
when you plant food grass there is not
I know the teams carrot rabbit because
what about the worm i am reconciled than him
feed here with rabbits
what is at hand let's say the same
that many
but small there let the farmer who
i land grow my bakery who's there
already obtained manure clean and in
based on what is necessary makers here can
so here we do not keep coaches it
this will catch you see here krovniki
the healthy principle of every household is not
more can be in the box to keep these
vegetable 64 100 200
can i do it when you started
just took euro pallets stuffed
somewhere 640 centimeters over 60
undesirable worm will choke then
there is still agrofiber beat so that the worm
didn't climb out
there is a lot of this option
situation when kept running means
colleagues from sugar such a skid
healthy over he too is comfortable just
california than i like he doesn't
climbs ie he sits in one place
Here he was given food he will work under
don't forget to water
that other chery tiggo senden pellets i
too for him
they can't walk
what about how many
manure how many times can they cut
volume processing is considered that the check
kilogram person recycles day
half a kilo of substrate but at the age of
bases, that is, read 10 kilograms
let's say 5 kilograms to process
manure per day well, it turns out
commodity year and if we sell
Packed up about 300 grams but let's say
people who can not pack for themselves
don't overpower just take lure
from there the worm
lure and use there in the greenhouse
in my grandfather and need to lure
ordinary shield is put plastic and there
lies down here and so fresh feed and
the worm then climbs that is
do at least a month later
option you can sort out your hands but it
long and tedious third option which
small scale healthy tass there
worm poured into the sun set and
through each about there well there is 20-30
days in a minute
start fresh substrate from above
rake the worm hiding the sun goes away
clear trend and then you remain
just beat the mass of chili on this land
can use but there you are somewhere
kokande then fry will fall but i think
this is not much harm in the garden not
don't bring
Well , we only take the biomass itself
can be used for bird feed
even at home
I know that I have guys too
They came to take
some not there with such claps
guy somewhere once a week 15 20 centuries
gives and does not use an antibiotic but there
an important fact is necessary so that the turn
lay down freed my food how much I
Here to fight with these ghouls things I have here
these guys are like that
we dig here dug not gone
we understood that like a rabbit we need a worm
such a worm except they are each other and so
I think they understand the roller land and land
get a clean product for a rabbit
there are plants only well and blueberries product
bunny and each other i think they
if they were talking type said
thanks for being with him